sdk/README.md, before:

# pico-sdk

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-sdk)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-sdk)
[![docs.rs](https://docs.rs/pico-sdk/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/pico-sdk/)

## Unofficial Rust bindings and wrappers for Pico Technology oscilloscope drivers

This is a meta-crate re-exporting functionality from a number of sub-crates. These
crates expose common, high-performance, high-level APIs that hide the differences between the
numerous Pico drivers.

### Sub Crates

 - ### `pico-common` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-common)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-common)
    Common enums, structs and traits.
 - ### `pico-sys-dynamic` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-sys-dynamic)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-sys-dynamic)
    Dynamically loaded unsafe bindings for every Pico oscilloscope driver. **This crate contains unsafe code.**
 - ### `pico-driver` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-driver)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-driver)
    Common, safe wrappers implementing the `PicoDriver` trait. **This crate contains unsafe code.**
 - ### `pico-download` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-download)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-download)
    Download missing drivers on any platform.
 - ### `pico-device` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-device)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-device)
    Device abstraction over `PicoDriver` trait. Detects available channels and valid ranges.
 - ### `pico-enumeration` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-enumeration)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-enumeration)
    Cross driver device enumeration. Detects devices via USB Vendor ID and only loads the required drivers.
 - ### `pico-streaming` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-streaming)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-streaming)
    Implements continuous gap-less streaming on top of `PicoDevice`.

## Tests
Some tests open and stream from devices and these fail if devices are not available, for example when run in CI.
To run these tests, ensure that ignored tests are run too:

`cargo test -- --ignored`

## Examples

There are a number of examples which demonstrate how the wrappers can be used

`cargo run --example streaming_cli`

Displays an interactive command line interface that allows selection of device, channel configuration
and sample rate. Once capturing, the streaming rate is displayed along with channel values.

`cargo run --example enumerate`

Attempts to enumerate devices and downloads drivers which were not found in the cache location.

`cargo run --example open <driver> <serial>`

Loads the specified driver and attempts open the optionally specified device serial.


## Usage Examples
Opening and configuring a specific ps2000 device as a `PicoDevice`:
```rust
use std::sync::Arc;
use pico_sdk::prelude::*;

let driver = Driver::PS2000.try_load()?;
let device = PicoDevice::try_open(&driver, Some("ABC/123"))?;
```

Enumerate all required Pico oscilloscope drivers, configure the first device that's returned and stream
gap-less data from it:
```rust
use std::sync::Arc;
use pico_sdk::prelude::*;

let enumerator = DeviceEnumerator::new();
// Enumerate, ignore all failures and get the first device
let enum_device = enumerator
                .enumerate()
                .into_iter()
                .flatten()
                .next()
                .expect("No device found");

let device = enum_device.open()?;

// Get a streaming device
let stream_device = device.into_streaming_device();

// Enable and configure 2 channels
stream_device.enable_channel(PicoChannel::A, PicoRange::X1_PROBE_2V, PicoCoupling::DC);
stream_device.enable_channel(PicoChannel::B, PicoRange::X1_PROBE_1V, PicoCoupling::AC);

struct StdoutHandler;

impl NewDataHandler for StdoutHandler {
    fn handle_event(&self, event: &StreamingEvent) {
        println!("Sample count: {}", event.length);
    }
}

// When handler goes out of scope, the subscription is dropped
let handler = Arc::new(StdoutHandler);

// Subscribe to streaming events
stream_device.new_data.subscribe(handler.clone());

// Start streaming with 1k sample rate
stream_device.start(1_000)?;
```

Enumerate all required Pico oscilloscope drivers. If a device is found but no matching
driver is available, attempt to download missing drivers and try enumerating again:
```rust
use pico_sdk::prelude::*;

let enumerator = DeviceEnumerator::with_resolution(cache_resolution());

loop {
    let results = enumerator.enumerate();

    println!("{:#?}", results);

    let missing_drivers = results.missing_drivers();

    if !missing_drivers.is_empty() {
        download_drivers_to_cache(&missing_drivers)?;
    } else {
        break;
    }
}
```

License: MIT

Commit message:

Fix: Driver dependency lifetime (#6)
* Link dependency lifetime to driver lifetime
* Remove tracing from example
* Improve docs Fixes #5
* Bump version

sdk/README.md, after:

# pico-sdk

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-sdk)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-sdk)
[![docs.rs](https://docs.rs/pico-sdk/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/pico-sdk/)

## Unofficial Rust bindings and wrappers for Pico Technology oscilloscope drivers

This is a meta-crate re-exporting functionality from a number of sub-crates. These
crates expose common, high-performance, high-level APIs that hide the differences between the
numerous Pico drivers.

### Sub Crates

 - ### `pico-common` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-common)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-common)
    Common enums, structs and traits.
 - ### `pico-sys-dynamic` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-sys-dynamic)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-sys-dynamic)
    Dynamically loaded unsafe bindings for every Pico oscilloscope driver. **This crate contains unsafe code.**
 - ### `pico-driver` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-driver)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-driver)
    Common, safe wrappers implementing the `PicoDriver` trait. **This crate contains unsafe code.**
 - ### `pico-download` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-download)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-download)
    Download missing drivers on any platform.
 - ### `pico-device` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-device)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-device)
    Device abstraction over `PicoDriver` trait. Detects available channels and valid ranges.
 - ### `pico-enumeration` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-enumeration)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-enumeration)
    Cross driver device enumeration. Detects devices via USB Vendor ID and only loads the required drivers.
 - ### `pico-streaming` [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/pico-streaming)](https://crates.io/crates/pico-streaming)
    Implements continuous gap-less streaming on top of `PicoDevice`.

## Prerequisites
`pico-driver` uses a C library called `libffi` to call into older Pico
drivers that don't allow us to pass context through callbacks. To build this
you will need a working C compiler and on Unix based platforms you'll also
[require `automake`, and
`autoconf`](https://github.com/meatysolutions/pico-sdk/issues/5).

On linux `pico-enumeration` [requires `libudev-dev`](https://github.com/meatysolutions/pico-sdk/blob/700ab24efe81063316baffff638988cf626c6ffe/.github/workflows/build-and-publish.yml#L32).

## Tests
Some tests open and stream from devices and these fail if devices are not available, for example when run in CI.
To run these tests, ensure that ignored tests are run too:

`cargo test -- --ignored`

## Examples

There are a number of examples which demonstrate how the wrappers can be used

`cargo run --example streaming_cli`

Displays an interactive command line interface that allows selection of device, channel configuration
and sample rate. Once capturing, the streaming rate is displayed along with channel values.

`cargo run --example enumerate`

Attempts to enumerate devices and downloads drivers which were not found in the cache location.

`cargo run --example open <driver> <serial>`

Loads the specified driver and attempts open the optionally specified device serial.


## Usage Examples
Opening and configuring a specific ps2000 device as a `PicoDevice`:
```rust
use std::sync::Arc;
use pico_sdk::prelude::*;

let driver = Driver::PS2000.try_load()?;
let device = PicoDevice::try_open(&driver, Some("ABC/123"))?;
```

Enumerate all required Pico oscilloscope drivers, configure the first device that's returned and stream
gap-less data from it:
```rust
use std::sync::Arc;
use pico_sdk::prelude::*;

let enumerator = DeviceEnumerator::new();
// Enumerate, ignore all failures and get the first device
let enum_device = enumerator
                .enumerate()
                .into_iter()
                .flatten()
                .next()
                .expect("No device found");

let device = enum_device.open()?;

// Get a streaming device
let stream_device = device.into_streaming_device();

// Enable and configure 2 channels
stream_device.enable_channel(PicoChannel::A, PicoRange::X1_PROBE_2V, PicoCoupling::DC);
stream_device.enable_channel(PicoChannel::B, PicoRange::X1_PROBE_1V, PicoCoupling::AC);

struct StdoutHandler;

impl NewDataHandler for StdoutHandler {
    fn handle_event(&self, event: &StreamingEvent) {
        println!("Sample count: {}", event.length);
    }
}

// When handler goes out of scope, the subscription is dropped
let handler = Arc::new(StdoutHandler);

// Subscribe to streaming events
stream_device.new_data.subscribe(handler.clone());

// Start streaming with 1k sample rate
stream_device.start(1_000)?;
```

Enumerate all required Pico oscilloscope drivers. If a device is found but no matching
driver is available, attempt to download missing drivers and try enumerating again:
```rust
use pico_sdk::prelude::*;

let enumerator = DeviceEnumerator::with_resolution(cache_resolution());

loop {
    let results = enumerator.enumerate();

    println!("{:#?}", results);

    let missing_drivers = results.missing_drivers();

    if !missing_drivers.is_empty() {
        download_drivers_to_cache(&missing_drivers)?;
    } else {
        break;
    }
}
```

License: MIT
